claude should ignore this file for now


fix date stuff - done?
basic keyboard shortcuts - done

Please now add basic keyboard shortcuts. - done

- The most vital is Ctrl-Backspace, deleting a whole word. 
- Also very useful would be Tab/Shift-Tab, which should go forward/backward one text input box, or to/from the finalisation button if at the very bottom. I do not expect to need to use the actual tab character much.
- Page Up and Page Down would be nice to have.




cache the common folder/output combinations - done
dark mode - done

Please have the dialog where the user inputs the input HTML file, folder and output file path cache previously selected options. There should be a dropdown for each. 

Simultaneously, please implement a dark mode scheme. For both these changes, reference `./song_folder_player` as a model.




change user tokens - done

The current task: instead of being hardcoded, as they currently are, the users whose messages should be picked by the filter are also selected upon startup. These should be cached and selectable in a similar way to the other startup inputs. For ease of use, the program should accept and display user ids that are of the form: "123456789 - Alice", but use only the leading digits for the actual HTML filter.

I am not certain whether it would be better to have all relevant users entered in a single line, or whether each user id should be entered separately. The disadvantage of the former is that the line may be overlong for the window. The disadvantage of the latter is that it is unclear how many user inputs would be needed. Your thoughts here would be appreciated.

There should also be a mode in which *all* user ids are accepted and all messages are transcribed. I am not sure what the best way to represent this for the user would be; please give some suggestions here too.


make it fullscreen by default - done

make the text parts editable - done

make it possible to open a given image in browser?


doesn't transcribe everything

The `pytesseract` often does not seem to detect all of the text in a given image. An example would be the very first image in the HTML file in `./example_inputs`, `Screen_Shot_2026-05-21_at_9.27.10_pm-03B97.png`; while the main text is black on light blue and is mostly transcribed correctly, the header is yellow text on a black background, and is ignored. How can this category of problem best be addressed? Consider several approaches and describe the pros and cons of each, unless there is a clear winning option.



more comprehensive tests?
more comprehensive logging?


- done 
There is currently a severe pagination problem. Upon scrolling up or down and switching pages, it is common for an infinite loop to begin, where the window repeatedly switches between the top of one page and the bottom of another. Think carefully about why this happens; a fix was already attempted once, using scroll anchoring, but it appears to be insufficient. Consider several approaches and describe the pros and cons of each, unless there is a clear winning option.




save load - done?

For long chatlogs, the ability to stop transcribing and resume later would be useful. Ideally, every 5 seconds, the current state would be saved. Each image-containing message would have two associated strings: the original machine-transcribed output, and the saved user-edited text. Upon resuming a prior session, the user's previous position and focus should be restored.

Relatedly, it would be useful for the user to be able to edit a copy of pure text Discord messages as well, purely in order to control spacing as desired. These should be saved too.



- done
Many images seem to have corresponding textboxes that are so large that tabbing/shift-tabbing to them does not have the cursor (or any actual text) on screen; they are mostly empty. This is not very useful. Where possible, text input boxes should be at most the height of the screen, or less; perhaps even as small as possible while still containing the current text (plus some leeway if the user adds new lines). Note that there is no benefit to making a textbox shorter than the corresponding image, however. If an image truly has more text associated with it than can fit on one screen, the textbox should have an internal scrollbar. If possible, a scrollbar should be created dynamically if the user adds enough lines to overflow the current height.

Is it the case that all the textboxes currently have the same height, to prevent pagination issues or suchlike? If so, is there a way to have textboxes of varied height while still preventing any pagination problems?


Somewhat relatedly, many images are much shorter than their textboxes. It might be useful to have 



- done 
However, the maximum height of a textbox is still too tall, just enough that it usually doesn't all comfortably fit on one screen, even if it technically would with perfect positioning. Please adjust it so that there will be a reasonable margin upon tabbing to the next textbox.


- done
Please make it so that messages containing both text and images are displayed such that the text is above the image in the element, as this is how it works in Discord.


- done
With very long transcripts, loss of cached data could mean a lot of work lost, if eg. the device crashed while in the middle of writing to the save file. Please mimic the way the `./song_folder_player` project addresses this issue, and comment on whether any additional measures may be appropriate here.



- done
Some minor complaints:
- The text in a text input box is sometimes uncomfortably close to the right edge. Please leave a slightly more generous margin.
- If a text input box is focused, typing in it should bring the user there immediately, even if they have scrolled away.
- It seems that there are two newline characters at the end of each text input box by default. These may adversely affect the final output; would it be possible to remove these, but have the textbox initially be roughly the same size as if they were there anyway?
- It does not appear that resuming a session actually restores focus to the textbox that was being edited when the program was closed.


- done
Please consider the dark mode colour scheme used in `./multi_file_search/multi_file_search.py` and a


- done
There have been persistent problems with scrolling since the beginning of this project (which may or may not be visible from the documentation). Originally, the infinite scroll/lazy loading/virtualisation was implemented because having all images of a long chatlog on one page seemed to lead to very slow scrolling. However, due to the difficulty in fixing the subsequent bugs (such as scrolling upwards slightly actually leading to a downwards change in position), I am considering largely starting over and falling back to the simplest, most robust possible means of displaying the two columns.

Please assess the current structure and give thoughts on possible paths forward, detailing the associated pros and cons of each.


- done
There should be a better way to handle this. The priority is speed; I don't mind if text input boxes are created slightly too small initially, so long as any unexpectedly overflowing text can be absorbed by a scrollbar appearing inside. Right now, I am considering making it so the height of the text input boxes are based purely on the height of the relevant image as it would be displayed in the left column; either exactly the same height, or perhaps a little larger, above and below; to a maximum of the current maximum height. If the user adds new lines, the textbox should not increase in height; a scrollbar should again appear inside.


- done?
future-proofing: what happens if a message has multiple images attached to it? need to test

I am not completely confident in my usage of BeautifulSoup to parse the Discord chatlog HTML. In the `example_inputs` folder: consider `pq_wm_0001_p2.html`, and `pq_wm_0001_p2.html_Files`, a folder containing the related images. You may look at those and attempt to improve on the HTML parsing process. 

In particular, attention should be paid to the possibility that a given message may have multiple images attached. 


- done 
write spec for exact line spacing rules

After a user finishes transcribing all of the images, the output file is generated. At this stage, varying numbers of newlines are currently appended to each image transcription via regex. This is leftover behavior from the original transcription program, aimed to make the end product Google Doc more readable. However, in the current framework, we can do better.

I am considering two options. The first is to add a new element after every text and image element. Unlike the others, this would contain only a right column input box, with no left column content; the text input box would contain a certain number of 'newline characters' that literally appear to the user as backslash, n, backslash, n. The user could edit this as they see fit in order to manually control the spacing between whatever is above and whatever is below. Nothing here that is not a backslash or an n should affect anything else.

The second option is very similar. Instead of adding separate elements, it would directly scan the end of each text input box for copies of user-typed backslash-n copies, which would behave as described above. The advantage is of course that this would require far less space. The drawback is that it is potentially slightly messier logic-wise. Please give your thoughts regarding these two options, as well as any promising alternatives.

Either way, all *actual* newline characters at the ends of image/text transcriptions should be ignored and stripped out, whether they appear before the backslash-n copies, after, or are mixed in between.

If you have any other questions, ask.


Default newline specifications (a note should be made of these somewhere):

- Image transcriptions should usually be followed by three completely empty lines; this takes four newline characters, I believe.
- If a message contains both text and an image, one completely empty line (two newlines) should separate the text from the the image, which should then work as above.
- If a message contains only text, by default it should be followed by three completely empty lines.
- - However, if a message is a die rolling command (currently characterised by beginning with `%roll \d*(d|l|h)\d+` or `%draw \d+ \d+`), no empty lines should separate it from the next message, which can be assumed to be the corresponding die-roll results.
- - A message which is a die rolling result should by default be followed by three empty lines, but if the next message is also a die rolling command, it should be followed by only one empty line.


- done
When done, please one-time migrate any existing data to the new format, as necessary. There should only be one set. Note that, in addition to the lack of spacer data, the existing data is likely in an obsolete format that assumes only one image per message.


- done
When pressing Up or Down while in a textbox, if that would take the cursor partially or fully offscreen, the page should scroll so as to keep the cursor visible; for example, holding Down should align the bottom of the focused textbox with the bottom of the main part of the window.


- done
focus not saved? or offscreen on resume? Needs to show cursor.
- Page Up/Down should preserve the current focus where possible. 
- After scrolling away, if an input box remains in focus and the user types in it, the position should snap back.
- Furthermore, upon resuming a session, not only should the previously focused box remain in focus, but the cursor should be visible.


- done
Please make the undo/redo history in a given text input box persist upon switching to a different box and back, so that it is essentially separate for each. For simplicity, this should not persist across different sessions.


- maybe don't need this with the delete key
Upon tabbing/shift-tabbing into a spacer box specifically, please have the default cursor position be the end, rather than the start, as this makes



- done
Upon tabbing/shift-tabbing into a text input box, please ensure that the entire box is cleanly onscreen.


- done
For text messages specifically, please make the right column text input boxes a little taller than the corresponding immutable left column elements. They should be about one line taller upwards and one line taller downwards, in the relevant font size. This does not apply to spacer elements.


Please add an option to restore the last session, even if it was finalised and written to an output file, in order to be able to redo something overlooked.



checkbox that can be checked to restore original state; automatically unchecks when user has made edits; can be rechecked to restore edited mode; only overwritten when user makes edits to unchecked


A very minor bug: the window bar does not appear black on startup. This is fixed on resizing the window or alt-tabbing. A bugfix was already attempted once, but it seems to have been insufficient.


image size issues? add zoom?






item mode
combat mode
map mode
book mode

personalised clipboard?


ctrl-f?? with regex?



Please add a user-editable file where regex find-replace for common OCR errors can be defined. Later, this may be made part of the GUI.

Examples of substitutions:

`I's` should usually be `It's`
`\n\n\b‘` should usually be `\n\n\b`




flag/highlight common misspellings? (scan upper/lowercase) just actual spellcheck with red underlines??

I's -> It's - 7
I'l -> It'll - 1
Im -> I'm or similar  - 2
im -> I'm
singular dashes, like ‘ - 4
commas instead of dots, A/B/C, - 3
itis -> it is - 1
tum -> turn - 2
quiock -> quick - 1
o -> or - 1
| -> I - 2 (but leave an escape option? currently automatic)
litle -> little - 1
Itall -> It all 
© -> C - 3
ll -> I'll - 1
pio -> pip - 1
willbe -> will be - 1
leam -> learn


Are the logs as useful as they could be? 

Are there any major gaps in test coverage or logging coverage?

Are there any aspects that are noticeably missing, comparing this project to a professional one?


This project has now seen several updates and revisions. Please consider its current overall structure:

- Is it still natural? Are there any obvious problems or potential improvements to be made?
- Are there any overcomplicated parts of the code which are contradictory or likely to lead to problems in the future?